So let's see if you can control the number of columns hitting the shop page.
What do I gain up in their functions that beats being where when I come and change their number of columns
in shop and so these will work for the audience archive pages.
So we're going to be a fun show on when I got back.
Shub underscore Gollum's ng what have an opposite columns.
And what do I feel there.
I feel that this behavior is going to change just in a few.
And what do I use up shop Gollum's and then where I command as the second one.
Then where a comma has a priority of 20.
So for example in this case we can presume for columns if you say these.
And then when I beg these fears.
You can click here in one of these and you don't they like dogs.
So for example in the dead when you can see that we have this class called Last using this last class
newcomer's that removes the margin on the right you can see the is one on the second one has these orange
area that did Windows and Kabat.
So let's save these and reload it for on in and then you can see that we have some problems in the in
the grid.
But for example if I inspect these now they're for broke.
It's going to have the last the last that is right here but you can see it for broke.
So we need to make some changes as this year's is and I'm going up in this state that's Jasus and we're
going to have four columns
in this shop Bache and we're going outside main.
This is the selector columns 3 this is the columns.
This is the batting element.
For example if I scroll this one right here the.
And then we're going to continue we're going to have that UL brokes and then the like with the arrow
back and life size limit.
That's what a lot of movies up and I'm going out with 20 percent.
So you can say these hand-wrote and then you can see that we have four brokes in each column.
So it's up to you how many columns are you want to display.
So for example if you wanna make a change to two columns you have to check which with is the best to
please play this correctly and make it they went out for and read all.
So I'm happy with this result in the next video.
Let's see another call that we can draw on in the shop page.